README.md, before:

# Nginx Language Server

[![image-version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/nginx-language-server.svg)](https://python.org/pypi/nginx-language-server)
[![image-license](https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/nginx-language-server.svg)](https://python.org/pypi/nginx-language-server)
[![image-python-versions](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/nginx-language-server.svg)](https://python.org/pypi/nginx-language-server)

A [Language Server](https://microsoft.github.io/language-server-protocol/) for `nginx.conf`.

Still under constructions, expect big changes and breaking changes for a while. Requires Python 3.8 for now, will probably relax in future.

## Installation

From your command line (bash / zsh), run:

```bash
pip install -U nginx-language-server
```

`-U` ensures that you're pulling the latest version from pypi.

Alternatively, consider using [pipx](https://github.com/pipxproject/pipx) to keep nginx-language-server isolated from your other Python dependencies.

## Editor Setup

The following instructions show how to use nginx-language-server with your development tooling. The instructions assume you have already installed nginx-language-server.

### Vim / Neovim

With [coc.nvim](https://github.com/neoclide/coc.nvim), put the following in `coc-settings.json`:

```json
  "languageserver": {
    "nginx-language-server": {
      "command": "nginx-language-server",
      "filetypes": ["nginx"],
      "rootPatterns": ["nginx.conf", ".git"]
    }
  },
```

Note: this list is non-exhaustive. If you know of a great choice not included in this list, please submit a PR!

## Inspiration

The useful language data for nginx is ported from [vscode-nginx-conf-hint](https://github.com/hangxingliu/vscode-nginx-conf-hint). I would have used this library directly, but alas! It's written only for VSCode and I use Neovim.

## Written by

Samuel Roeca _samuel.roeca@gmail.com_

Commit message:

Improve hover / code doc generation to markdown
Also support Pyhton 3.6+

README.md, after:

# Nginx Language Server

[![image-version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/nginx-language-server.svg)](https://python.org/pypi/nginx-language-server)
[![image-license](https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/nginx-language-server.svg)](https://python.org/pypi/nginx-language-server)
[![image-python-versions](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/nginx-language-server.svg)](https://python.org/pypi/nginx-language-server)

A [Language Server](https://microsoft.github.io/language-server-protocol/) for `nginx.conf`.

Still under constructions, expect big changes and breaking changes for a while.

## Capabilities

nginx-language-server currently partially supports the following Language Server capabilities with more to be added in the future.

### Language Features

- [textDocument/completion](https://microsoft.github.io/language-server-protocol/specifications/specification-current/#textDocument_completion)
- [textDocument/hover](https://microsoft.github.io/language-server-protocol/specifications/specification-current/#textDocument_hover)

## Installation

From your command line (bash / zsh), run:

```bash
pip install -U nginx-language-server
```

`-U` ensures that you're pulling the latest version from pypi.

Alternatively, consider using [pipx](https://github.com/pipxproject/pipx) to keep nginx-language-server isolated from your other Python dependencies.

## Editor Setup

The following instructions show how to use nginx-language-server with your development tooling. The instructions assume you have already installed nginx-language-server.

### Vim / Neovim

With [coc.nvim](https://github.com/neoclide/coc.nvim), put the following in `coc-settings.json`:

```json
  "languageserver": {
    "nginx-language-server": {
      "command": "nginx-language-server",
      "filetypes": ["nginx"],
      "rootPatterns": ["nginx.conf", ".git"]
    }
  },
```

Note: this list is non-exhaustive. If you know of a great choice not included in this list, please submit a PR!

## Inspiration

The useful language data for nginx is ported from [vscode-nginx-conf-hint](https://github.com/hangxingliu/vscode-nginx-conf-hint). I would have used this library directly, but alas! It's written only for VSCode and I use Neovim.

## Written by

Samuel Roeca _samuel.roeca@gmail.com_
